The BT Web21C PHP SDK 
---------------------

    The BT Web21C PHP SDK provides a simple interface to invoke
    BT's publicly exposed common capabilities from PHP 5.1 or later:

    - OneWaySMS allows an application to send 
      Short Message Service (SMS) text messages.

    - InboundSMS allows an application to send and receive
      Short Message Service (SMS) text messages in a conversation.

    - ThirdPartyCall allows an application to simply create and 
      control voice calls between two parties.

    - Conferencing allows an application to create and control
      voice calls between two or more parties.

    - Authentication enables an application to create and
      maintain users, user attributes and groups.

    - CallFlow allows rapid development of voice-enabled software
      applications and services.

GETTING STARTED
---------------
	Upload this folder to your web server and open the readme.html file.
    The best way to get started using the SDK is to take a look at the
    sample applications in the examples directory - these are explained in the
	readme.html file.  

APPLICATION REGISTRATION
------------------------

    Before you can use the BT Web21C SDK you need to register your application
    and install a couple of certificate files in the keys directory:


DEPENDENCIES
------------

    The client depends upon PHP's SoapClient and openssl, both are standard extensions from 5.0:
	http://uk.php.net/soap
	http://uk2.php.net/openssl

    and upon the OpenSSO xmlseclibs.php module (bundled), 
    which depends also depends upon PHP 5.1 or later:

	https://opensso.dev.java.net/source/browse/opensso/lightbulb/php/direct/

LICENSE
-------

    The use of the BT Web21C SDK and service is covered by the enclosed End User License Agreement 
    (EULA), see LICENSE.  Unless explictly stated otherwise, the source code is released under 
    the same terms as PHP itself.

GETTING HELP
------------

    If you have any questions, recommendations, cool applications
    or patches, please tell us:

	http://web21c.bt.com

--
